Python bindings for libpisock (the pilot-link core)
------------------------------------------------------------------------
The C code for the interface is generated using SWIG, but SWIG is not
required for building/installing it.  To regenerate the wrapper from the
SWIG source, do this:

    cd ./src
    swig -python pisock.i

There is currently no documentation; that should be fixed "soon". To see
real use examples, look at the test/pisocktests.py file


* INSTALLATION

This package uses the standard Python "distutils" for installation. If you
are running a version of Python >= 2.0 you have these already; for Python
1.5.2 you can download a distutils package from python.org. If you want to
build it for a Python version older than 1.5.2, you are on your own; it
probably won't work anyway.

To compile the package, run the command

    python setup.py build

You may safely ignore any warnings from the compiler.

To install the package, run the command

    python setup.py install

It will place a module called 'pisock.so' in Python's site-packages
directory.  To use the module, simply 'import pisock'.


* STANDALONE VERSION

You can also build a standalone version that doesn't require the libpisock
shared library to be installed on the system. This is particularly useful
if you need to build a packaged application that doesn't depend on
additional installs. To build the standalone verison, run the command

	python setup-standalone.py build

Then copy the files from the build/libxxx/ folder to your Python package


* MULTIPLE PYTHON INSTALLS

Note: If you have more than one version of Python installed, replace
'python' in the above commands with the name of the interpreter you want to
use for building and installation.  (For example, 'python2' for Python 2.x
on some Linux distributions.) If you want to build/install for multiple
versions of Python, just repeat the above steps for each one.


* LICENSE

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Library General Public
License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public License
along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
